README.md, before:

# obslib-framework

[![Codemagic](https://api.codemagic.io/apps/600d732c627f2f877727d718/macos-workflow/status_badge.svg)](https://codemagic.io/app/600d732c627f2f877727d718)
[![GitHub Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/larryaasen/obslib-framework.svg)](https://github.com/larryaasen/obslib-framework/stargazers)


## Introduction

This project creates a framework of the [OBS Studio](https://github.com/obsproject/obs-studio/) core library called [libobs](https://github.com/obsproject/obs-studio/tree/master/libobs) by
packaging it into a macOS framework. It also creates a Cocoapod called obslib.

This framework contains the pre-built *.dylib files, *.so files, data files,
and header files, that are normally part of libobs.

The advantage of using a framework is that Xcode automatically knows how to find
the included header and resource files, and link with the binary. The user of the
framework does not need to do any extra configuration other than 
dropping the framework into the project.

When this framework is used in a macOS app, it needs to link with the framework,
but also with those included dylibs. I can get the framework to link in an app,
but I cannot get the dylibs to link. I am not able to get Xcode to automatically
configure the included dylibs to be linked.

## One Big Question
How do I configure Xcode during the building of the framework
to include the dylibs so that they are automatically linked?

## Usage (work in progress)
Download the Alpha version of the framework [here](https://github.com/larryaasen/obslib-framework/releases/download/framework-alpha-1/obslib.framework.zip).

Add the obslib.framework to your Xcode project.

Call the function ```obs_startup``` from your source code.

Compile, link, and run your project.

## Building

When building this framework, the Xcode Build Phase configuration has a Run Script
phase to fix the paths in the dylibs.

It can be built using Codemagic or GitHub Actions.

## TODO

These PlugIns do not load because: Library not loaded: /tmp/obsdeps/lib/QtWidgets.framework/Versions/5/QtWidgets. UI frameworks like QtWidgets are not being loaded since this is a non-UI framework.
* mac-virtualcam.so
* obs-browser.so
* obs-vst.so

Commit message:

Added example using pod. Updated podspec.

README.md, after:

# obslib-framework

[![Codemagic](https://api.codemagic.io/apps/600d732c627f2f877727d718/macos-workflow/status_badge.svg)](https://codemagic.io/app/600d732c627f2f877727d718)
[![GitHub Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/larryaasen/obslib-framework.svg)](https://github.com/larryaasen/obslib-framework/stargazers)


## Introduction

This project creates a framework of the [OBS Studio](https://github.com/obsproject/obs-studio/) core library called [libobs](https://github.com/obsproject/obs-studio/tree/master/libobs) by
packaging it into a macOS framework. It also creates a Cocoapod called obslib.

This framework contains the pre-built *.dylib files, *.so files, data files,
and header files, that are normally part of libobs.

The advantage of using a framework is that Xcode automatically knows how to find
the included header and resource files, and link with the binary. The user of the
framework does not need to do any extra configuration other than 
dropping the framework into the project.

## Current status

When this framework is used in a macOS app, it needs to link with the framework,
but also with those included dylibs. I can get the framework to link in an app,
but I cannot get the dylibs to link. I am not able to get Xcode to automatically
configure the included dylibs to be linked.

## One Big Question
How do I configure Xcode during the building of the framework
to include the dylibs so that they are automatically linked?

## Usage (work in progress)
Download the Alpha version of the framework [here](https://github.com/larryaasen/obslib-framework/releases/download/framework-alpha-1/obslib.framework.zip).

Add the obslib.framework to your Xcode project.

Call the function ```obs_startup``` from your source code.

Compile, link, and run your project.

There is an [example](example) folder containing a macOS app that links with this framework.

## Building

When building this framework, the Xcode Build Phase configuration has a Run Script
phase to fix the paths in the dylibs.

This framework can be built using Codemagic or GitHub Actions.

## Cocoapods

There is a Cocoapods pod for obslib that can be used to build this framework into a macOS app.
See this [example](example_pod) for more details.

## TODO

These PlugIns do not load because: Library not loaded: /tmp/obsdeps/lib/QtWidgets.framework/Versions/5/QtWidgets. UI frameworks like QtWidgets are not being loaded since this is a non-UI framework.
* mac-virtualcam.so
* obs-browser.so
* obs-vst.so
